Document the OSM Importer Supported Keywords. (#130)
omichel/webots: docs/automobile/openstreetmap-importer.md

In addition to editing map from OpenStreetmap, JOSM is also very convenient to create new environment from scratch.
You can see in the [previous picture](#left-the-osm-file-created-in-josm-right-the-resulting-world-open-in-webots-after-conversion) a map fully created in JOSM and then exported and opened in Webots.

### Supported OSM Keywords

>  Only a subset of the OpenStreetMap keywords are handle by the importer. Here is the list of currently supported keywords per OpenStreetMap object type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Only a subset of the OpenStreetMap keywords are handled by the importer. Here is the list of keywords currently supported for each OpenStreetMap object type:
```

#### Node

##### Tree

The [natural](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:natural) keyword will result in an isolated tree. The following associated keywords are taken into account:
  - `leaf_type`: the value should be either `needleleaved` or `broadleaved`.
  - `height`.
  - `diameter_crown`.

#### Way

##### Building

> The [building](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building) or [building:part](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building:part) keywords will result in a 3 dimensional building. The following associated keywords are taken into account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [building](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building) or [building:part](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building:part) keyword will result in a 3 dimensional building. The following associated keywords are taken into account:
```

>   - `building:material` or `material`: the value should be: `wood`, `old house`, `plaster`, `cement_block`, `concrete`, `glass` or `mirror`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `building:material` or `material`: the value should be either: `wood`, `old house`, `plaster`, `cement_block`, `concrete`, `glass` or `mirror`.
```

>   - `roof:material`: the value should be: `tile`, `roof_tiles`, `concrete`, `slate`, `asbestos` or `metal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `roof:material`: the value should be either: `tile`, `roof_tiles`, `concrete`, `slate`, `asbestos` or `metal`.
```

  - `building:colour`.
  - `roof:colour`.
  - `name` or `ref`.
  - `roof:height`.
  - `min_height`.
  - `height`.
  - `roof:shape`.
  - `layer`.
  - `building:levels`.
  - `building:min_level`.

##### Road

The [highway](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:highway) keyword will result in a road. The following associated keywords are taken into account:
  - `name`.
  - `lanes`.
  - `layer`.
  - `lanes:forward`.
  - `lanes:backward`.

>   - `oneway`: `yes`.

Reviewer: That line looks odd, should it be `oneway:yes` instead?

  - `turn:lanes:forward`.
  - `turn:lanes:backward`.
  - `width`.

##### River

The [waterway](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:waterway) keyword will result in a river if its value is `river` or `stream`. The following associated keywords are taken into account:
  - `name`.
  - `width`.

##### Wall and Fence

The [barrier](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:waterway) keyword will result in a wall if its value is `wall` and in a fence if its value is `fence`. The following associated keywords are taken into account:
  - `height`.
  - `width`.

##### Forest

The [natural](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:natural) keyword will result in a forest if its value is `forest`. The following associated keyword is taken into account:
  - `leaf_type`: the value should be either `needleleaved` or `broadleaved`.

##### Parking Lines

If the value of the [name](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) keyword is `parking line` it will result in a parking line.

##### Area

The following keywords will result in a flat area:
  - `amenity`: if the value is `parking`.
  - `landuse`.
  - `waterway`.

#### Relation

> The following keywords are taken into account, they work the exact same way as for [Way](#way):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following keywords are taken into account, they work the exact same way as for [way](#way):
```

  - `building`
  - `natural`
  - `landuse`
  - `parking`

### Configuration File

In addition to the defined keywords, a configuration file can be used to define the default value when a keyword is not defined (e.g. the default height of the buildings or of the buildings of a specific type) or to define which objects should or should not be imported.

It is possible to set default values for all the entities of an object in the section determined by its name (e.g. `building` section for buildings, or `road` section for roads).

> And to set more specific default values for a specific type of the object in the section determined by its name followed by `_` followed by the value of the associated keyword (e.g. `road_primary` for roads whose `highway` keyword value is `primary`, or `building_residential` for buildings whose `building` keyword value is `residential`).

Reviewer: This is not a sentence (missing verb) and is hard to understand...

> A typical configuration file can be seen in [appendix](a-typical-openstreetmap-importer-configuration-file.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical configuration file is provided in [appendix](a-typical-openstreetmap-importer-configuration-file.md).
```

The [natural](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:natural) keyword will result in a forest if its value is `forest`. The following associated keyword is taken into account:
  - `leaf_type`: the value should be either `needleleaved` or `broadleaved`.

##### Parking Lines

If the value of the [name](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) keyword is `parking line` it will result in a parking line.

##### Area

The following keywords will result in a flat area:
  - `amenity`: if the value is `parking`.
  - `landuse`.
  - `waterway`.

#### Relation

The following keywords are taken into account, they work the exact same way as for [way](#way):
  - `building`
  - `natural`
  - `landuse`
  - `parking`

### Configuration File

In addition to the defined keywords, a configuration file can be used to define the default value when a keyword is not defined (e.g. the default height of the buildings or of the buildings of a specific type) or to define which objects should or should not be imported.

It is possible to set default values for all the entities of an object in the section determined by its name (e.g. `building` section for buildings, or `road` section for roads).

> It is also possible to set default values for a specific type of the object, the name of the section should respect the following syntax:`<<name of the object>>_<<value of the associated keyword>>` (e.g. `road_primary` for roads whose `highway` keyword value is `primary`, or `building_residential` for buildings whose `building` keyword value is `residential`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to set default values for a specific type of object, the name of the section should respect the following syntax: `<<name of the object>>_<<value of the associated keyword>>` (e.g. `road_primary` for roads whose `highway` keyword value is `primary`, or `building_residential` for buildings whose `building` keyword value is `residential`).
```
